Now after stretching for about 15, 20 minutes
however, maybe needed more, you like to start
a little warmup. We're going to break a little
sweat today because we want to have our blood
pumping before we actually physically start
playing the sport of basketball. So I like
to start off with maybe 5 to 10 minutes of
jump rope and then doing a couple of up downs.
Up downs, going all the way to the mid court,
back to base line, free throw line extended,
back to base line, all the way back to the
base line and then back, etc. Next we want
to do layups, we're going to start at the
free throw line using the corners. I want
you to start on the right corner driving to
the hoop using your right hand. Switch off,
come back to the left side using your left
hand. What this allows us to do is to get
in a good rhythm before we start playing the
sport of basketball. Next thing we're going
to do is we're going to pair up. We're going
to go all the way down to the base line doing
passing drill. Now, the important part to
remember when passing is that the ball should
be at chest level. I want you to go chest
level to your partner going back and forth
using the side step. So basically, there we
go, all the way down the court. What this
again does it allows us to get in a good rhythm
because we all know basketball is a team sport,
not an individual and this allows us to use
our teammates effectively getting us ready
for game time situation.